haha
Oh
plays are the one all draw um I think
that were a fair results you're not
looking at the reflection on what they
did first half on what we did second out
you know as being a New Yorker as I
possibly can i think they've had a few
chances we've had a few chances so it's
I mean we will looking for three points
at all but you know I just said
someone's in there if they if we finish
above them and we win the league this
year best English you three drawers in a
row is that he's looking at the positive
side all I think yeah you look at aware
we've been down for ten men last week he
saw ten men today the week before we
didn't turn up the first half and it's
God to and I think last week if we'd
have been you know five minutes early
when we scored the equaliser then simply
to go on to win it and seen with a week
before but today we're always going to
be tagged today and you know when top
teams plays I say they could have one
thing all the other and I think we've
got the honest result today has been a
mistake a rifle result but i think it's
been the honest result unity as a
neutral i would have thought when you
say that must be hard to take to see
they're gone the way that it came about
things in flow for well yeah a different
floor yea i meant that if he goes in
there and tells me in there they are
pulling me see if he says he meant that
well I'm robbing that you know drain
she's done she said he's dipped and then
dipped at last minute whore I think that
we should deal with a better fit to be
fair tech nothing for risk robbery and
Ellington on the bench any reason behind
that gabs been injured we had a he had a
suspected crack in bonus for so we
didn't have x-ray we've been leaving for
two weeks until till Thursday an x-ray
and it's just badly bruised so it's
gotta be careful with it because he's
feeling still feeling a little bit 'only
I'll until I'm played well I've gotta go
to squadron he's got to come out and go
back in it might be a nun Tuesday you
know what that's Italian to Howie
he conducts himself and is a
professional blood so he'll be all right
mostly when I'm launching it takes hey
ya in goes with Genesis it oh it's a bit
miss you know it you know it in fact is
something different because his
movements crying go then I thought these
M products been as good as we shouldn't
be but when he's linked up players very
good you know it's something we have to
ever talk about any my in might be
playing in mind not on choosing you know
he sad to expect big things from him
when it's calm and it's been here like
the only been here three weeks let's
play three games so you know choose do
might come along anyway anyway Scott ago
they might have an assistant and I think
when you watch that side of him I know
he's not the artists working playable
the assists that he does and round the
box is quite clever from the movement so
and I think Lee becomes very channeled
in what he does and predictable was like
single and looking to bow warren ellis
how far away they know could be a couple
week well to be fair rough still well
today it's got a girl doing well not got
bullied a lot to decent play today
against a good side and finally just
towards night and will you expect in a
damnable Delbert's off I mean it oops
today I don't like what there's also
going to the air the Scarlets well girls
it so the really good defense will come
from we have two banks and sit deep and
limitation damage but we've got to go
and get three points and you know it's
also added on also and we play better
football away from in some respects cos
it's up to the own team to come out and
you know do well in their own brand
grounds but we've well it always gonna
be difficult you know we don't know
about sidles we're outside just missing
out with coaching edging and we'll get
there and 700 plus today's important
that the attendances are starting to
creep up again well I mean we said it
beginning scene you can get it to a
thousand week
make out then you know this is a
testament to everybody the club not just
the ones that's played on the pitches
and a better place to be no we're gonna
nuke stomping and you know better
facilities and it's gonna get better a
better